[#1905][FOLLOWUP] docs: Add documents after introducing XXX_JAVA_OPTS env var (#1933)
apache/incubator-uniffle: docs/server_guide.md

MAX_DIRECT_MEMORY_SIZE=360g
```

Besides, you can add extra jvm arguments for shuffle server by specific `UNIFFLE_SHUFFLE_SERVER_JAVA_OPTS` in `rss-env.sh`

> Something like:

Reviewer: `e.g.` or `For example:` will be better

Author: done

> Besides, you can add extra jvm arguments for shuffle server by specific `UNIFFLE_SHUFFLE_SERVER_JAVA_OPTS` in `rss-env.sh`
> 
> Something like:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can add extra JVM arguments for the Uniffle shuffle server by specifying `UNIFFLE_SHUFFLE_SERVER_JAVA_OPTS` in `rss-env.sh`

Example:
```
